"""
05 Prepare : Reading
Course: CS241 BYU-I
Event-driven programming
"""

Outcomes
At the end of this week, successful students will be able to:

01._Show fluency in discussing event-driven programming.

02._Write programs that correctly use event-driven programming to solve problems.

03._Install, configure, and use programming/debugging tools in a local 
development environment.

Getting Set Up
This week we will begin using the Arcade library that we will use for several 
projects. The purpose of using a library and games for these projects is not to 
learn the principles of game design and programming, but rather to see how object
-oriented programming can help simplify otherwise very complex projects.

INSTALLING PYTHON AND AN IDE
The first step is to install Python on your own computer and to also install a 
program to help you write, run, and debug Python programs. Programs that help you
do these things are called, Integrated Development Environments, or IDEs.

The arcade library instructions below mention using PyCharm, and while that is 
not a bad choice, this semester we are going to use a different IDE called, 
Thonny. Whereas PyCharm is an industrial strength tool, Thonny is designed to be 
more simple and easy to set up and use. In fact, the Thonny installer installs 
Python 3 as well, so you don't have to get it separately.

To install it, go to:
https://thonny.org/

GETTING THE ARCADE LIBRARY
With Thonny, obtaining packages like the Arcade library is very easy. Open Thonny
, and then click: Tools -> Manage Packages. Type "arcade" into the search box, 
and click search. This should bring up the Arcade Library with an "install" 
button you can click to install it for you.

Preparation Material

GETTING FAMILIAR WITH THE ARCADE LIBRARY
Your preparation task is to become familiar with the Arcade library:
https://arcade.academy/

Please try to get it downloaded and configured to the point where you can run one
of the simple examples on the site. We will also work through this together in 
our team activity this week.

You can ignore their instructions about downloading and configuring PyCharm the 
arcade library, because you'll be using Thonny for that.

EVENT DRIVEN PROGRAMMING
Finally, we will also be discussing event driven programming. Please read the 
Wikipedia article on the topic:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Event-driven_programming